The Joe Rogan experience. I mean,
I've experienced intense stress from doing the thing I love the most,
which playing, playing concerts, you know what I mean?
I've experienced it firsthand where it's like, and that's way different.
When does it hit you? Like when,
obviously I'm not like telling someone their loved ones,
like about to die, but, uh,
do you still feel it mandatory for me?
It's all about just being in the right head space. Um, you know, I mean,
like when we first started playing, we would play these indie rock clubs,
you know? Cause we, we come from that background,
like I guess what they would call now, hipster or whatever.
And that was just people who liked, you know,
really passionate about certain types of music that wasn't massively
appreciated. You know, it was just still kind of what we're into.
But because of that,
most of the people that were coming to our shows were like the high fidelity
type record store clerk, you know,
you're playing the show and it's just like arms crossed. But then afterwards,
like pretty good, you know, we'd be, we'd be like 20 to 22 year old kids.
And the, the, the gatekeepers were like 30, you know, 32 year old.
Now I would look at them as maybe being like, uh,
you know, uh, supportive. But at the time it was more supportive,
but at the time it felt more like judging mean.
So if I get in the wrong headset, headset, Headspace,
and I'm on stage and I'm like, oh man, everyone's here to like judge,
judge us or something. You know what I mean?
Like what you're looking at this big crowd, but then I have, you know,
I ultimately do. I ultimately tell myself, I was like,
the worst band of all time has probably played the more, more, you know,
like some terrible, like Menudos played the more people, you know what I mean?
Like this isn't that many people it's like,
like tonight we're playing the Wiltern. Like there's like 3000 people.
It's like, this is be honest. Like the worst standup comedian, like,
I don't know. Or I don't know, man, like,
like the fifth Jonas brother could sell 5,000 tickets in LA, probably.
So it's less stressful when you or Gallagher to comply sell 3000 tickets in Los
Angeles. Come on. That's how I look at it. You know, I'm like, oh,
we deserve to be here more than that person. We put our time in.
That's a hilarious way to look at it. I'm serious.
Why would you concentrate on things that you think that sock is that alleviate
anxiety? Does it actually work? No,
I read this thing that captain Beefheart one of our favorite musicians said,
and it was like, if you started, if you think about what you're doing,
you've already lost the battle. And the reality is,
is that I don't need to think about, and I know Dan, doesn't it.
We don't need to think about what we're doing. So,
because we're not thinking about what we're doing.
Like the trick is to stay in the moment with the music,
but I can play and not think about it. And then I start thinking like,
what's that person thinking about? I'm like,
I got this other conversation happening here. I'm like,
and then like an intruder. Yeah. It was like,
I liked it like temporary schizophrenia, like pat,
what if you just stopped playing like a devil and angels? Yeah. There's like,
I actually remember thinking that I'm on stage at Glastonbury. There'd be like,
you know, there's a 200,000 people or close to that and like, oh,
I just stopped playing. Like what would happen either?
Maybe don't do that. Don't do it.
Just keep going. Yeah. He, he, yeah, pat, sorry.
I had to almost sign a breakdown and a lot of losing one new year.
We both, it was intense for both of us actually, because you know, it was,
I mean, you should tell a story.
I mean, I just remember it from my point of view. I don't know.
I don't know what was going on through your head at the moment, five.
Red bulls.
He was getting into this thing where he would be really anxious and drink a lot
of red bull. Oh no.
And so we got on stage and it was like a sea of people and he was on his fifth
red bull and his eyes were like saucers and he was just staring at me.
I had to like talk him off the ledge. Right.
Like I had to like put my foot up on the riser and kind of lean in and kind of
talk in a voice, calm voice. Hey man, how you doing?
You know what I mean? I was just, I was just.
Exhausted. Really? I'm like, what do you want to do?
Whatever you want to do is cool. Me. You know what? Just let.
Me know. He had to call me down.
How many red bulls does it.
Before it becomes speed? I don't, I don't drink that anymore. But you know,
I think we also have been playing these shows and it was exhausting.
Most of it had to do with our, our, uh, schedule, our.
Stress. And it was in the middle of summer. It was hot as hell.
And I would think I was severely dehydrated, but, but I mean, I was,
cause we played this one show in Des Moines right around this time that this was
in 2010. Right? So this is, this is when this happened was at Lollapalooza 2010.
And this is the festival that we had played like, um, four times before.
So it wasn't like something new and we weren't even headlining this time.
It was just like, we were on stage doing something.
I'd actually looking forward to the show.
But this was like a pivotal moment for me. It was like, I,
I just kinda missed a beat of a song.
Something that no one else even noticed other than probably Dan.
And then I was like, oh. And I got like,
I spun out and then I just kept spinning out. You know what I mean?
Like a panic, like a panic attack on stage.
And when you have like a panic attack, like, you know,
you tend to get a panic attack doing the same thing you did before. So I,
for a while I was having a like little mini panic attacks.
Every time I was on stage, but I got through the set and everything was fine,
but I was like. And a part of it was,
I looked out and there were like 50,000 people we've been playing this festival
four or five times before. And to like crowd starting that maybe 5,000 people.
And now here we are the way most of the festivals watching us play.
And I was like, oh, like what? The happening? Finally,
people were here and I was like, I can't it up now. And then like, boom.
But you know,
I went to go see this dude here in LA, in Santa Monica,
named Kerry Gaynor, who like he specializes in like either the test.
I mean, look, man, I didn't know what to do. Wait a second. This get so good,
dude. I didn't know what to do because I did it.
I got a couple of friends that are like, man, let's get some beta blockers,
get some, get some, a value, drink some beer.
I can't do any of that before I go on. I can't be relying on that before I play.
So I was like, I,
I got a recommendation to go see this hypnotist who specializes in like
quitting smoking and fear of flying and also stage fright.
There's a lot of like actors who are going to do like plays for the first time.
So I went to go see Carrie at his house.
And uh, we were playing some shows at the palladium and he,
he did this thing hypnotize me. And the second night,
like I went that first night we played, it was like better.
The second that we played, it was like pretty much gone.
And then I woke up in the hallway of the Roosevelt hotel and the stairwell in my
underwear at like seven in the morning. And I'm like in the, in the,
in, I'm in the staircase,
in my underwear seven in the morning. And I'm like,
what the? And I just remembered like this number, like 7 0 8,
I think it wasn't like I had only been to the room one like two, two times.
And my girlfriend at the time was in there.
Luckily and I went and knocked on the door. She's like, what the?
Where the were you going? I was like, I just don't know hypnotism.
It's real. Jeez. Have you ever been hypnotized?
Yes. Did it work? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. There's a guy who was on yesterday, actually.
His name's Vinny Shoreman he hypnotized a lot of fighters. Okay. And, uh,
he, uh, has his fighters. Yeah. He gets them into this. It's really interesting.
Like I I've never had it before and I wanted to try it. I was like, okay.
I had these thoughts that it was probably or for people who have weak minds,
but it's a state that they can talk you into. And someone who's really good.
Like Vinny could talk you into this state and then you're totally conscious,
but you're definitely you definitely in this weird tunnel where you feel safe,
like mentally safe,
it works and you can talk and think about things in a way that's almost free of
normal, regular anxiety. You can, you can address the anxiety. You can see it,
but it's for the brief amount of time while you're really in that state, you,
you can get rid of all that. Oh.
This dude's been weird. This guy, uh, Kerry.
I remember a couple of things specifically that he said,
and I went so that he said like, you know, you're, you know, you're,
you're afraid of messing up.
That's the whole point of like being in a rock band is like,
it's okay to mess up. It's not supposed to be perfect. You, I mean, perfection.
Isn't something that anybody even wants. You know what I mean?
Like if you go to like the art gallery and you see like a Thomas Kincade
painting, no one wants that. You know what I mean?
He was like, he was telling me all this, he was talking, he was telling me this.
Like, he was like, basically like, you know, your personality is, you know,
everyone's flawed human beings. It's okay. Like, yeah, whatever.
Like you're not supposed to be perfect. You're you have no desire to be the,
you know, there's no drumming competition you've entered, you know what I mean?
And it was like, I came up with like, yeah, it.
Like I'm supposed to just be here and having fun. And that it worked.